Assign app-operator with app-operator-konfigure configmap (#1433)
giantswarm/cluster-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Use `app-operator-konfigure` configmap on the app-operator per cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `app-operator-konfigure` configmap for the app-operator per workload cluster.
```
